Hi Gabriella, I understand that you're here today because you've been experiencing some low mood. 

Yeah, I just recently I've just I'm just feeling down a lot and I can't really like snap out of it. Like sometimes if it's happened before, I can just like get myself back on track. But recently I'm just finding it really difficult to do. 

So it sounds like you've been experiencing some low mood and you're kind of struggling to get going a bit. 

Yeah, definitely. 

you've had low mood in the past, but it's kind of you've been able to pull yourself out of it before, but more recently you've found that harder. Okay, so I understand that, you first went to your GP, you referred you here about two months ago. Can I ask what led you to go to the GP in the first place? 

My longterm boyfriend broke up with me and it was, it was such a shock, like I really wasn't expecting it. It just got me really down. She felt really lonely. And I didn't really want to see people. And she wanted to be in my own space. My mom told me I should probably go to the doctors and he's refer me to you. 

okay? So it sounds like like you had that breakup and you weren't expecting it, so you kind of came out of the blue a bit and you've been on your own quite a lot. So you're not been seeing people as much. And it sounds like your mum noticed that there's been a bit of a change in you. Okay, and how have things been then since then, since that happened and since you went to the GP? 

I just, nothing's really changed. Nothing's really improved. I just. She feel down, like everything's an effort and feel distant from things. And like I said, I can't snap out of it. 

Okay, and how did you feel about coming here today? 

And I was kind of disappointed in myself because I feel like nobody else my age is doing this. I should have been able to snap out of it like it's just another thing that I've not really to know things that's making me stand out for the wrong reasons. 

Okay, so you feel like it's kind of odd or unusual to be coming to see a clinical psychologist, I suppose I just want to reassure you that it's absolutely normal to have feelings of depression and anxiety. It's ISS really very common, and it certainly isn't odd or strange at all. So it sounds like it was actually quite hard for you to come here today. So what I guess led you to do that? Because it sounds like maybe there was a lot pushing you against coming here today, but you've managed to come anyway. 

And I'm just hoping that it's going to help. I think I didn't really want to admit it because like it's just another failure, but my mum was talking to me and she's not really happy with the way I'm behaving. I didn't really want to disappoint her again. And so I thought there's no harm in it. So that can. 

so it sounds like partly you're doing it then for your mum because you're a bit worried that she isn't pleased with you at the moment. 

yeah? 

Well, I think it's great that you've come here. And definitely there's a lot of evidence to suggest that psychological therapy, can help depression and particularly the type of therapy that we're gonna be doing, which is called cognitive behavior therapy. I'll tell you a bit more about that as we go on, but I'm just trying to find out a bit more about you today. So I saw from your notes that you're a medic student. 

Yeah? I'm not currently in uni at the moment, but yeah, last year I was a medical student. 

Okay, so I guess why, what's the reason that you're not in uni this . 

year and like it was pretty to first JSU, they then suggested that I took a year out. This is the break. 

Okay, so just thinking, so that would be about 6 months ago, was it that your ear out started and it sounds then maybe like your first year was also quite tough? 

Yeah, it was, I thought it's tough for everyone, but obviously we'll take it in different ways, don't we . 

and you're youre planning on returning. 

And but yeah I'm going to have to really. 

But yeah, don't sound too sure about that . 

though I think returning is probably that's what's going to make everyone happy. And I think, you know, at least I'll be able to end finally achieve something and get something, right? So yeah, like next day I'm going to I'll get through that. Yeah. 

Okay, so it doesn't sound like you want to go back. 

I do. I didn't enjoy it. I just. I just don't feel like me at the moment. And I just, it's a lot of work. It's a lot of pressure. But that's what comes with it. And, you know, it'll work out for the best if I go. 

Okay, so I guess then there's quite a lot of thoughts and feelings about going back at the moment. I'm just wondering, in the meantime, what are you up to, what have you been doing? 

Well I'm really had lunch on the horizon. My mom, me, her friends owned a restaurant and she suggested that did a bit of waitress in there, just doing it for a bit of like money and stuff because obviously I'm not in UN, so you know I've done that. 

Okay, how many shifts have you done that? 

And I've only done one so far? Yeah, I don't know whether it's something that I'd probably go back to. 

but okay, when was that shift? 

It was last week, actually. 

Okay, and how was it? I suppose I'm intrigued, can you tell me a bit more about that? 

It was, it was different, you know, because it was like I could, I did enjoy it because it like it's just different aspects and I had to speak to people and try to get their roles and try to remember it and stuff. I wasn't very good, but I suppose like it was handy to have some money, like get out of the house. 

So it sounds like you quite enjoyed that. Then what makes you think you weren't very good? 

I just like, I just felt slow. And people sometimes they didn't understand what I was saying, so I'd have to talk louder or quieter, slower. And I got a bit confused sometimes with the orders, and I just don't really think that I'm not really like a friendly, like people don't really think that I'm a friendly person, so they didn't really want to talk to me and stuff. I felt like I was like inconvenience in them, but like asking them things and getting things wrong. Yeah, they said that apparently most people get like a few mistakes on a fair shift, but then again, she's my mom's friend, so that's probably why she's saying it. 

So the person who owns a restaurant is your mum's friend. Okay, so it says, you're saying that you think you weren't very good, and that's because you were a bit slow and you got confused with some orders. But you said it's common for people to do that. Well. 

on that first shift. That's what she said to us, but. But it's probably just she's just trying to make me feel better. She probably felt sorry for me because I'm obviously not very good at it, like I'm not very good at anything recently. Think she just felt sorry for me. 

Okay, so I've just been noting down some of those thoughts that you've been having. You kind of say that you feel like you're not very good, you're slow, you're confused with the orders, and you feel like you're inconvenience in her and she feel sorry for you. I suppose I'm wondering, I mean, what makes you think that she feel sorry for you? 

Like I said, she's my mum's friends, and she's obviously feeling sorry for my mum as well because she's got a daughter that's not like anyone else of her age. And she's just like all alone and she's not getting involved. So I think she just feels sorry for me and she doesn't want like Sand's upset me. But yeah. 

when you're having these kind of thoughts, because that's quite a lot of negative thoughts you're describing, how do you feel? 

Just feel empty, I don't. I'm just calling as it is. I'm just calling it as reality. I feel like I'm being honest with myself by just voicing it and not trying to get around hiding it because I know like I can say it in myself. So it . 

sounds like you feel like those thoughts are very true then? I mean, if you were going to write them. So I'm going to pick out some of those thoughts you describe. He said I'm not very good, and I mean convenienze them. How much would you say you believe those on a scale out of 100 where 100 is like, I absolutely believe it and 0 is like, I don't believe it at all? 

I'm about 80 and the yeah. 

so you feel quite sure that you definitely believe those, okay? And he said that when you're thinking those thoughts, you start to feel quite empty. 

I just felt destined and like said I'm not really myself, I just. It's like I'm not really there, but when I am, I can't even do a good job. 

And there are any other emotions that you experience. 

I feel drained. I say I feel like I'm in touch with anything, just it's like everything's going on around me, but I'm just not there. I'm just, it's like I'm just watching. 

Okay, so you feel empty, distant, you feel drained. And how, when you're feeling these emotions, how do you feel in your body? Kind of what sensations do you notice? 

I don't know how to describe it. I get like I have a bit of like, like, you know, when you kind of get like butterflies when you're nervous and stuff, kind of get a bit of that. 

you feel some butterflies? Yeah, did you have butterflies that night when you were at the restaurant? 

Yeah, I was pretty nervous. Then when I got into it, they went away and like it distracted me for a bit. And so obviously I realized that I wasn't doing a very good job. 

okay? And you, when you have those emotions, how does it affect your energy levels? Do you feel more energetic, less energetic, or about the same . 

when you feel down? 

Yeah, when you're having those emotions that you were describing . 

as you feel drained, like didn't even have like the energy to wake up in the morning sometimes, like I just felt pointless, like my body's heavy and I don't want to. Yeah. 

so it sounds like you feel very tired. You're struggling to wake up. You said it's pointless. And what do you do then when you feel like that? So I guess you just talked about when you wake up in the morning and you feel heavy, and I suppose you've been maybe having some of these thoughts and those emotions potentially the night before, what do you then do? How do you respond to that? 

I just happened to get suppose I don't really have a choice because my mum, I live with my mom. I know it's hard for her, so I don't want her to be too worried. So I just. I just tried to carry on as normal. I, oh, it takes longer and I don't want to, but I do, so I'll go on with my routine. 

So you're a bit slower and getting up, but you are still getting up anyway. And what about your kind of, what do you think about when you're doing that? 

I'm just thinking that nobody else is like me my age, like nobody should be feeling like this. And I'm the only one that does. 

So it sounds like you think a bit more about the problem and you kind of spend time thinking about . 

how I hate than it. I don't want to feel like this, but I do, and nobody else I know does. So it makes me feel even more alone and like getting me even more down. And I just don't want to disappoint anyone. She didn't really want it. 

Okay, so it sounds like you're trying to toughen up on yourself a little bit, tell yourself to work harder, to be different. 

okay? 

And when you start telling yourself that kind of thing, and how does that make you feel? Does that make you feel better afterwards or worse. 

feels worse? Because I still can't snap out of it, like I'm aware it's happening, and I just, and I'm trying, but I just can't. And then, and then it's just another thing that I'm feeling at, just another thing that I can't really get. 
